Update docs to use correct ingress gateway service. (#700)
knative/docs: install/Knative-with-Minikube.md

head to the [sample apps](../serving/samples/README.md) repo.

> Note: When looking up the IP address to use for accessing your app, you need

> > to look up the NodePort for the ingress gateway service well as the IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> to look up the NodePort for the `istio-ingressgateway` well as the IP
```

Reviewer: Let's keep this as the specific resource name.

> address used for Minikube. You can use the following command to look up the
> value to use for the {IP_ADDRESS} placeholder used in the samples:

```shell

> # In Knative 0.2.x or prior versions, we use `knative-ingressgateway`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Knative 0.2.x and prior versions, the `knative-ingressgateway` service was used instead of `istio-ingressgateway`.
```

Reviewer: GLOBAL -- please copy this change to all instances of this comment.

INGRESSGATEWAY=knative-ingressgateway

# In Knative 0.3.x the use of `knative-ingressgateway` is deprecated.

> # We should use `istio-ingressgateway` since `knative-ingressgateway`

Reviewer: GLOBAL. Please change:
```
# In Knative 0.3.x the use of `knative-ingressgateway` is deprecated.
# We should use `istio-ingressgateway` since `knative-ingressgateway`
# will be removed in 0.4.
```

to:
```
# The use of `knative-ingressgateway` is deprecated in Knative v0.3.x.
# Use `istio-ingressgateway` instead, since `knative-ingressgateway`
# will be removed in Knative v0.4.
```
